Gregorio D. Olivares 
(815) 514-8993 ⥊ Joliet, IL ⥊ grolivares2002@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE
Highly disciplined and dedicated problem solver, currently in the process of obtaining a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science from Lewis University. Demonstrates the ability to solve a technological related issue and find manners to improve it ultimately find a better solution and reach an end goal given. 

EDUCATION
Lewis University | Computer Science | Bachelor of Science  	 Expected Fall 2025
●Concentration in networking
●GiveSomething Back Scholarship
●Heritage Scholarship


EXPERIENCE
Data Systems Administrator 		February 2021 - Present
United States Marine Corps | Fort Sheridan, IL

●Create and rebuild domain controllers, exchange servers, and end devices digitally within a virtual machine using VMware with ESXi hosts on Windows OS.
●Spreads data communications to various recipients over Internet Protocol (IP) based networks.
●Tasked with providing internet to end devices using satellite communication. 
	○Able to reach a satellite at a geostationary orbital position 22,000 miles from the surface of the equator and use the IP address provided to create a local domain.
	○Used IP routing from the satellite to a switch that provided the use of Microsoft Teams for an end user within a forest.
●Create a Local Area Network (LAN) through using Cisco devices such as servers, routers, and switches.
●Configure end devices to follow a specific network protocol via Static or Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP)
●Properly crimp long Cat5 cables via T-568A/568B with RJ45.
●Use Active Directory or MMC to control a local domain to give users permissions using Group Policy Objects (GPO’s).
○Windows Baseline Server 2019 and newer

Best Buy					December 2021 – Present
Triage Agent | Bolingbrook, IL

•Computer diagnostic and repair
	oTroubleshoot returning computers coming from clients for software and hardware issues that they face.
	○Return computers in a timely manner to ensure customer satisfaction.
Diagnostics include:
	•Re-imaging with the proper Operating System.
	•Installing proper drivers to allow computer to function correctly.
	•Ensuring internet connectivity both wirelessly and wired. 

SKILLS/EXPERIENCE
Java, Python | Secret Clearance | Spanish 
